nice Tuesday I have a highly requested
hair tutorial that I wore in my most
recent Primark haul so here we go who
thinks just apply any hair products you
want to or dry something or something
but I'm not gonna do that first off I'm
gonna sort out my fringe and the front
sections are these to section off so I
have a French but it's kind of like a
curtain fringe so it's split slightly in
the middle this come up with any kind of
fringe or if you don't have a fringe or
bang then that is absolutely fine you
could just do it without it anyway so I
like to have some hair coming out the
front just to kind of frame the face you
don't look too harsh or too Dutch I
don't know if that's Rachel hopefully
not don't probably about that much
will do oh I see the left side first and
then I will come back onto the right
side so I like to just kind of comb that
through and just to make sure it's all
sleek and this is where I go with a
product this is just a macadamia oil
healing spring type thing
the only reason I use is because it
makes my hair very smooth and gets rid
of the flyaways and stuff because I have
quite thick wavy hair so I need that in
my life then I divide it into three
sections and then just start braiding
really every so often
I kind of brushed through and the
remaining hair and then just carry on
plotting a brush there just so it's not
messy obviously you can do this as messy
or as neat as you want and I start off
by having it all kind of flat at the top
and braiding it somewhat neatly and then
I will mess that up slightly just a
little bit just a little bit okay so
once you've done it the majority of the
first braid I just get my fingers in
there a little bit get a bit finger
action going on and I slightly pull this
bit but I won't ice normally sort out at
the very end this is the kind of volume
area so here is where you do
little the rap bit I love and yeah so
we'll do click this fast and then I will
sort out the shaping I normally like to
put it just behind my fringe and it will
cover the crown pulsing area of my head
and then I'll just grip and don't worry
because the second plat will cover up
those grips and the kind of extra little
little bobble of hair I'm just watching
loads of ellen degeneres ever series on
youtube because I know no purse they see
much okay so we are done the basics of
the fair side so now we're going to go
ahead and go on to the other side and
then I find where my fringe is and I
grab a few bits that would be in the
fringe kind of like the same line of
hair see I don't want to obviously if
you want that this look I'm about to say
I avoid then totally go for it I don't
really want the harsh parting probably
can't see because I've got dark hair but
and I want it kind of to look blended
that makes sense so there's no harsh
spouts line so how's it going I feel
like I need to chat but the conversation
doesn't go very well
when I can't hear your response so I
just go and put a bit more of that
stroke phone and just something to kind
of relax it slightly a that's there this
is the problem with not having a mirror
in your bedroom that is right everybody
I don't have a mirror in my bedroom so
just braid braid that on down again just
like before then that we go ahead and
wrap for a second time but don't
actually well you can wrap if you want
an IV wrap the brood I'll just about to
wrap for you but I don't know any wraps
other than now this is the story all
about how am i I don't even know that
one I did a school production actually
it was all about rubbish and recycling
and at my group one because we were like
awesome and my it was my idea by the way
just just to clarify and we actually
were the items of rubbish that weren't
recycled and we were just sort of
hanging around in a dumpster and we just
kind of told our stories of how we got
and then one of them was like a piece of
fat from a bit oh I've ruined it
so one of the people in my group was
like a bit of fat for a mistake and I'm
he we made up her a rap and the steak
fats on it so we are basically complete
then you just kind of fiddle all I
fiddle I'm never quite satisfied and but
it's the quickest hairstyle in the world
and but it's very simple and hopefully
you understood my talk three oh and then
for finishing touches I normally have to
kind of really flat iron or straighten
my fringe so I'm just gonna do that a
little bit now this is the new at gh oh
it's hot and this is the new at DHD
pastel styler and mines in periwinkle
which is a really gorgeous blue and I
absolutely love it my friend just kind
of settled today where it needs to be
settled and then you can always curl the
side bits as well you do that with
straightness as well and but mine's
already kind of like wavy doing it same
thing I just again stop touching it and
I just love this color I'm gonna put
that down before I burn myself so I
really hate that tutorial was helpful it
was super easy but you guys asked for it
many times so I thought I would deliver
that for you give this video a thumbs up
if you
joyeux and be sure to tweet me a picture
or tag me on instagram if you do
recreate this look I always love seeing
your recreations and let's see what
you're watching and I'll see you next
time bye